Handle all Podman states (#127)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: agent/doc/swdesign/README.md

| Podman Container State | Container ExitCode | Workload State |
| ---------------------- | :----------------: | :------------: |
| Created                |         -          |    Starting    |
| Configured             |         -          |    Starting    |
| Initialized            |         -          |    Starting    |
| Paused                 |         -          |    Unknown     |
| Running                |         -          |    Running     |
| Exited                 |        == 0        |   Succeeded    |
| Exited                 |        != 0        |     Failed     |
| Stopping               |         -          |    Stopping    |
| Stopped                |         -          |    Stopping    |
| Removing               |         -          |    Stopping    |
| (anything else)        |         -          |    Unknown     |

Comment:
The Podman also supports "pod states". This table shows the container states only.
The container states `Stopped` and `Removing` are mapped to the workload state `Stopping`,
because they are considered as transition states from the state `Succeeded` or `Running` into `Removed`.

> It is not desired to map them into `Unknown`. It would have meant that the Ankaios would have reported the state `Unknown` during workload deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping the state `Stopped` to a value different than `Stopping` would result in Ankaios reporting shortly some other state during workload deletion.
We are assuming that Ankaios workloads are not managed by an entity different than Ankaios and the container state `Stopped` is only transitionary.
```
